[SCHOOL BELL RINGS]
OK, class, it's time for your
next social studies project.
[STUDENTS GROAN]
You'll be working in
pairs to find ways
to make the Palm
Woods greener and more
environmentally friendly.
[SARCASTIC CHEERING]
The team with the idea
that saves the most energy
wins a week off from school.
[SINCERE CHEERING]
All right, all right.
The projects are due
end of the day Thursday,
so now pick your partner.
ALL: Logan!
Logan!
[ALL CLAMORING]
OZZIE: Logan is my partner.
THEME SONG: Make it count, play
it straight, don't look back,
don't hesitate when
you go big time.
What you want, what you
feel, never quit and make it
real when you're all big time.
Oh, oh, hey!
Hey!
Listen to your heart now.
Hey, hey!
Don't you feel the rush?
Oh, oh.
Hey!
Oh, come and shake it up.
What you got to lose?
Go and make your luck
with the life you choose.
If you want it all,
lay it on the line.
It's the only life you got,
so you gotta live it big time.
OK, Logan and Ozzie
are working together.
James and Carlos.
The Jennifers.
A Jennifer and Camille.
BOTH: Yay.
And-- Kendall,
where's your partner?
Well Joe is stuck
on set all week,
and everyone else is taken,
so I guess I'm flying solo.
I hear we're picking
partners today.
Who's the lucky lady?
Kendall.
BOTH: What?
Jett?
I have to partner with Jett?
I can't stand Jett!
Jett is right here.
And I would expect
a warmer reception,
considering I'm the
only one who thought
to bring a cheese platter.
Why are you here?
JETT: Because I'm not stuck
on set all week like Joe,
and now I'm stuck with you.
LOGAN: Would you
stop complaining?
I mean, did you see
who I'm partnered with?
Ozzie Clark.
He's a new heavy in town.
Plays a psycho in
every role he's in.
And I don't think he's acting.
Gouda?
Please.
Just keep your phone close and
call us if you feel threatened.
And here's a bat in
case you can't reach us.
This does not make
me feel better!
JAMES: Then don't
even do the project.
Because our Palm
Woods green idea
is so gonna win that week off.
You have no idea what
your project is, do you?
No.
But it will change the world.
BOTH: Go green!
[SCREAMING]
-Time to social study, partner.
-Yeah, totally.
OK, cool, whatever
you want to do.
Whoa!
Ah, help!
Please, [INAUDIBLE]!
[SCREAMS]
[HUMMING]
Hey.
For my social studies project,
I have to visit a business
and suggest ways for
it to be greener.
Don't care.
Goodbye.
You use way too
many foam cups here.
No, I don't.
Now please leave.
KATIE: Look, just
sign this paper
saying you'll agree to
switch to environmentally
safe, recyclable paper cups.
Sorry, sweetie.
Can't do that.
Why not?
Because I make foam cups.
Not me, of course.
My low-paid factory workers.
Did you know it's possible
to recycle a foam cup?
It just sits in a
landfill for 500 years.
That's called dependability.
And it's one of RCMCBT
Global Net Sanyoid's
most profitable products.
Well, why not
make a profit using
recyclable paper cups that are
better for the environment?
And why don't you quit
jamming my corporate mojo?
OK, Gryphon 1,
little girl, nothing.
Game over!
[DOOR SLAMS]
(WHISPERING) He
just kicked Katie
Knight out of your office.
(WHISPERING) This is bad.
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
OK, our winning green idea is?
Ooh!
How about Palm
Woods-wide recycling?
We're doing recycling.
Well, recycling is stupid.
You're stupid.
Which is why we're gonna
do a bike ride challenge!
CARLOS: Oh, yes!
We buy bikes for all
the Palm Woods residents
to cut down on gas
consumption and emissions.
CARLOS: Dude, I don't know
where we get our great ideas.
From us.
CAMILLE: You just read our sign.
Aww!
-Darn it!
-Ugh!
All the good green
ideas are taken.
Why are we in the
middle of the lobby?
I just feel I work better
around witnesses-- er, uh,
people.
People like you
and I, good people.
What's our project?
Well, uh, we're
going to build a scale
model of the new
solar-powered Palm Woods.
You mean you're
going to build it.
Yeah.
I'm going to build it.
But you have to keep
me alive long enough
so I can actually do that.
Right?
[CRUNCH]
[YELPS]
Get to work.
I'm gonna get to work on this.
Uh, we have the roof right here.
Uh, you really have to
worry about nothing, OK?
I'm gonna do all the work.
It's gonna be totally great.
[TYPING]
You really should do something
better with that hair.
Jett, what do you say we get
this project done really fast,
so we don't have to be together.
Agreed.
And I have an excellent idea
for saving the environment
and getting that
week off from school.
OK.
I'll bite.
We instal new
carpet in the lobby.
Have you ever walked around
in there in bare feet?
It's too coarse.
And how does that make
the Palm Woods greener?
We get green carpet.
Duh.
-Well, there goes that idea.
-Unbelievable!
BOTH: Go green!
Jett, close the fridge.
You're wasting energy.
I am trying to figure
out what to eat.
The door's see-through.
[DIGITAL BEEPS]
Why did you just turn on
the oven and the stove?
The fridge gave me a chill.
Jett, we need a green idea!
Hey, Mum.
Is the dryer broken?
-No.
It's just a small load, so
I'm using my handy clothesline
to save some energy.
You thinking what I'm thinking?
Are you thinking about me?
Because I'm thinking about me.
Oh, yeah.
KATIE: (CHANTING)
I won't go home
until there's no more foam.
I won't go home until
there's no more foam.
Katie, knock this off.
Not until you get rid
of all the foam cups
for a green Rocque Records.
[GASP]
Get rid of those paper cups
before Gryphon comes back!
Gimme that.
Gimme the sign.
No, stop it!
Come on.
-Ahem!
This looks bad, doesn't it?
Let me make one thing clear.
I make foam cups.
I drink coffee from foam cups.
I put foam in my
coffee in foam cups.
Mmm.
Now, I want you and all these
paper cups gone by the time
I get back, or I'll deal
with you like I deal with all
of my problems-- with Abdul.
Ooh.
[SIGH] Katie's right, though.
These foam cups are bad.
We should get rid of them.
I know she's right.
I-- but I love foam cups.
I love them and I'm never
getting rid of them.
Mmm, foamy!
[COW MOOS]
[SCREAMS]
(SHOUTING) Why is there
a cow in the apartment?
It's our social
studies project.
With a cow in every room,
gas and elevator consumption
are cut down by avoiding
annoying trips to the market
for milk, butter, and cheese.
BOTH: Go green.
And what happens when Bitters
bursts through the door
and sees a cow in the apartment?
-Pff.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Well, we throw this giant box
over the cow and then say--
BOTH: No cow here!
Keep it quiet, keep it clean,
and keep it in the apartment.
BOTH: Yes!
Now project poster time.
Ooh!
Ooh, and to get
a week off school.
Woo!
So do we go green or go red?
BOTH: Go green!
[COW MOOS]
(SHOUTING) How
could we lose a cow?
I don't know!
Go that way!
[SCREAMING]
OK.
Well, the roof
model's not horrible.
And if you crunch some
energy-saving numbers,
we could wrap this whole project
up and never speak again.
You do it.
OK, well, you have to do
something on the project.
I mean, Ms. Collins requires it.
-I don't do numbers.
-OK.
Well, I mean, it's just
a few simple equations.
Are you calling me stupid?
Absolutely not.
Nope.
That's what you were thinking.
I was just thinking that
you could use this calculator
and I could, you know, run!
[SCREAMS]
(SHOUTING) What
are you looking at?
Jett, the whole
point of a clothesline
is to let the sun dry the
clothes so we can save
the Palm Woods' electricity.
If you had better
hair, you'd realise that
a blow dryer is never a waste.
I'm going to ignore
that, because our Green
Palm Woods project is done.
Now we get a respectful
C-plus, and we
never have to talk again.
Whoa!
-Whoa!
-Clothes!
Clothes everywhere!
Ah!
Think again.
Take these down
and find a better
way to save the
Palm Woods' energy
that doesn't cause injuries!
Yes, ma'am.
[MOVIE PLAYING ON LAPTOP]
We'll brainstorm
a few more ideas
after I have a little me time.
[BLENDER WHIRS]
This day could
not get any worse.
[COW MOOS]
Cow.
[COW MOOS LOUDER]
Did I just hear a cow?
[JAMES AND CARLOS SHOUTING]
JAMES: Moo.
Moo.
Mooooo.
Making cow noises is fun.
What's behind that sheet?
BOTH: Not a cow!
No, no, no, no.
Don't--
Oh, no, no, no!
I
This is exciting!
BOTH: Oh, I can't look!
No cow.
See?
I was raised on a farm in Iowa.
And I can sense
when a cow is near.
If I find you two
anywhere near a cow,
you hockey-heads will
be moooo-ving out.
North.
CARLOS: Oh, we gotta find
the cow before Bitters does.
KENDALL: Really?
A cow for your class project?
Hey, we thought of it first.
BOTH: Go green!
JAMES: Cow?
Where are you, cow?
CARLOS: Here, cow.
Come on, cow.
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
[COW MOOS]
Don't sip that unless
it's in an RCMCBT
Global Net Sanyoid foam cup.
[SLURPS]
[SNAPS]
Fix this.
-Hey!
-What did you do now?
Yeah, I might have
pushed it this time.
[DOOR SLAMS]
Gryphon told me to fix this.
So that's what he sounds like.
Oh.
[WHIMPERS]
And that's why we have
to get rid of these cups.
They're bad for the environment.
Wait, you agree with
Katie and you're not here
to cut off our pinkie toes?
Yes.
But after we save the Earth.
OK, but how do we get
Gryphon to change his mind?
By hitting him where it hurts.
Now, do any of you know someone
at a financial news network?
I do.
What do you want?
I was just checking on my
project partner. [CHUCKLES]
What's up?
I worked on the roof model.
Oh, this thing is incredible.
OZZIE: I don't think
I could do much more.
When it comes to other
stuff, I'm pretty stupid.
You are not stupid.
This model is amazing.
And you picked me as your
project partner, which
makes you a very smart guy.
I just get lost when it
comes to numbers and letters
and school.
Ozzie, making kids do your
homework and your projects
for you is only
going to hurt you.
No, I hurt them and
they do it for me.
OK, logic.
Again, very smart.
But if you feel lost
in class, you shouldn't
be afraid to ask for help.
Well, maybe you could help me.
Hey, what are
project partners for?
Ask me any question.
Shoot.
[COW MOOS]
Did a cow just moo?
Yeah, I think it did.
[SCREAMING AND MOOING]
-She's heavy!
I know she's heavy!
This does not surprise me.
BITTERS: I sense cow!
And cows are not allowed
in my Palm Woods.
Bitters is gonna be
here in 3.2 seconds.
[SHOUTING]
It was here.
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
[COW MOOS]
[SCREAM]
-Shh!
Don't scream!
Lobby.
Four, four, four, four, four!
You did not see a cow.
BOTH: You did not see a cow!
Did you see a cow?
Hola.
Where have you been?
It's 11 o'clock.
We were supposed
to start at 9:00,
and our project is due tomorrow.
I was showering.
For two hours?
That's a huge waste of water.
Not on me, it's not.
We have no project!
As much as it pains
me, neither of us
are leaving each
other's sights until we
make the Palm Woods greener
and you are out of my life.
Fine by me.
[LIGHTS BUZZ SOFTLY]
Yeah.
Ahh.
Let me just get into a
project state of mind.
[TV COMES ON]
[STEREO COMES ON]
By turning on all the
lights and electronics
in the apartment?
You mean by properly
lighting myself
while I listen to classical
music and check my stocks?
ANCHORWOMAN (ON TV): And making
big financial news this week
is 11-year-old Katie Knight.
Is that my sister?
ANCHORWOMAN (ON TV): The
sweet and green preteen
is taking on corporate giant
RCMCBT Global Net Sanyoid
and doing it well.
KATIE (ON TV):
CEO Arthur Gryphon
refuses to manufacture
environmentally
friendly and
recyclable paper cups
instead of harmful
foam cups, because he
clearly hates the Earth.
And that makes me sad.
ANCHORWOMAN (ON TV): The
sad and big-eyed activist
sent Wall Street's
emotions high,
sending RCM's stock to a week
low, losing 6% of its value.
You know, if that was a paper
cup, we could recycle it.
I am not going green.
[MUSIC BIG TIME RUSH, "WE'RE
HALFWAY THERE"]
We could cut
energy usage in half
by evicting all of the
unattractive people.
No.
[COW MOOS]
(SCREAMING) How'd she get out!
I don't know!
[SCREAMS]
[CRUNCH]
[THUD]
Hurry, hurry.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
Come on, come on, come on.
[COW MOOS]
Aha!
I knew it!
There are no cows
allowed in my Palm Woods.
Well, we're not
in your Palm Woods.
And our green project is
due at the end of the day.
So we'll just get
Ms. Collins to come
out here and grade our cow.
What cow?
[BOTH SCREAM]
How does she keep doing that?
I don't know!
It's no use.
We're not gonna be done by 3:00.
You should just
finish the whole thing
and don't put my name on it.
No, I'm not going to do that.
And sometimes if
students struggle
with tests and projects,
it's OK to ask the teacher
for some extra time.
You mean hand things in late.
No.
Extra time.
You guys won't be
eligible for the week off,
but you'll still be graded
just the same as everyone else.
I'm cool with that.
Me too, partner.
Walnut?
I"m good.
[CRUNCH]
ANCHORWOMAN (ON TV): And with
RCM's stock still falling,
everyone is wondering
what CEO Arthur Gryphon
will do to stop the bleeding.
--[STRANGLED CRY]
OK, OK, OK, you win.
RCMCBT Global Net Sanyoid
will switch to manufacturing
recyclable paper cups.
[CHEERING]
Yeah!
On one condition!
You let me borrow those eyes.
I think RCM's change
to all paper products
is not only good
for the environment,
but shows a flexibility to
adjust to the green economy.
And that makes kids
like me very happy.
ANCHORWOMAN (ON TV): And
stockholders can be very happy
too, as RCM's stock soared
to a yearly high today,
causing CEOs nationwide to
hire tiny girl publicists.
And in an unrelated story,
two teenage boys in pyjamas
are disrupting traffic
downtown in pursuit of a cow.
Come on, come on, come on!
We gotta get her back to the
Palm Woods School in one hour!
Or we're not gonna win
that week off school!
Come on!
Jett, our project
is due in one hour,
and you've done nothing
but be completely wasteful
and goof off.
Goof off?
[ELECTRICITY BUZZES]
Look!
I'm a life-size doll of myself.
And I come with
a tennis racquet.
I think I know how to make
the Palm Woods greener.
Clothesline?
Kendall, you and I tried
that already, and we failed.
That's not what
I'm using it for.
[SCHOOL BELL RINGS]
MS. COLLINS: OK, class.
We've got some
great projects here.
And more to come.
Camille and
Jennifer's bike-share
programme will
save the Palm Woods
300 gallons of gas per year.
The Jennifers' new
recycling stations
will allow 3,000 pounds
of metal and plastic
to be reused, rather
than thrown away.
And Carlos and James--
[COW MOOS]
-We're coming, we're coming!
Come on, cow.
Come on!
CARLOS: Oh, yeah!
[COW MOOS]
A cow in every room.
BOTH: Go green!
Absolutely not.
BOTH: Darn it!
But making the biggest
environmental impact
at Palm Woods School
is Kendall and Jett.
[MUMBLING]
By keeping Jett tied up and away
from excessive electronic and
water usage, their
Don't Be a Jett project
immediately cut the Palm
Woods' power usage by 22%.
And we'll save 440,000
gallons of water per year.
Hm?
MS. COLLINS: Which means
Kendall and Jett win.
Oh, yes!
[APPLAUSE]
[COW MOOS]
I get a whole week
off from school.
Oh, no, not just a week off.
A week at the
capital, where you two
get to share your green
idea with the governor
and other school winners.
Say what?
You know, when
you think about it,
the whole thing was my idea, so
I should talk to the governor.
You stand behind me
for the photo ops.
You know, I think
this is the beginning
of a beautiful friendship.
Aw, help!
[RINGING CALL BUTTON]
[THEME MUSIC]